This is a template for writing use cases in The Library. The template is here to guide and assist you with the headings needed and some explanation to help you get started. It can be quite challenging to describe a use case, but we hope this template will guide you. Use the headings suggested so that all use cases get described and presented in the same way. If you would like to add headings to describe a use case that is however possible. Please also update the image to something suitable for the use case. 

Use this area to write a short and general description of the use case. (without mentioning specific solutions)

## Challenge

Help your audience understand the use case and the challenges the customer has.  It should include why, when, where do these challenges appear. What kind of challenges is the customer facing that Axis and partners could solve?

## Jobs to be done

Once the customer challenge is described, try to identify the true "job to be done" for the ones investing in a solution.

Examples:
- Daily operation efficiency
- Mitigate risks
- Compliance
- Public relations
- Customer experience
- System cost reduction

## Relevant industries and areas of interest 

Where would this Use case be of interest? It could be a specific segment, a store, a garage etc. Try to give an example(s) where this use case could occur to guide the reader. It may be a very niched used case or it could be extremely broad. ​​​​​​​

##Available solutions 

Links to resources that describes who and what helps solve the complete or part of a use case. Could be:
- Axis recipes
- Partner application
- Integrator partner​​​​​​​

If there are more than one available solutions please try to explain the difference of the solutions. 

## Considerations 

Are there any special considerations that is important to bring up to the reader? Could be regulations, special insights etc. 

## Supporting material (optional) 

Links to available PPT, Videos, images, articles, success stories that can be used by sales and marketing. 

